Add Herringbone Pro, re-organize herringbone folder (#11115)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/ramonimbao/herringbone/readme.md

# Herringbone and Herringbone Pro

Through-hole 75% keyboards. The Pro version has support for rotary knob, OLED display, and split space.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Ramon Imbao](https://github.com/ramonimbao)
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32A
* Hardware Availability: [Herringbone](https://github.com/ramonimbao/Herringbone)

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for these keyboards (after setting up your build environment):
```
